Updates Readme.md (#13)
trustfractal/registry-deployer: README.md

# DID Registry deployer

This project contains the Fractal DID Registry smart contract as well as a simple environment to deploy it to different chains.  
It contains 2 smart contracts:
1. FractalRegistry.sol - This is the DID Registry contract used to deploy on EVM chains.
2. SelfServeRegistryOperator.sol - This is "backoffice" control used in the DID Registry demo. You can find the demo [here](https://did-registry.demo.fractal.id/) and the code [here](https://github.com/trustfractal/did-registry-demo-dapp).

For more information about Fractal's products, go [here](https://fractal.notion.site/Fractal-Product-Overview-2c63841aebaf4000b96f1c44c1680ad1).

<br/>
<br/>

##  DID Registry Overview
___
Fractal's DID Registry enables you to verify the credentials associated with a wallet address in your smart contract (on-chain) or in your dApp.  The DID Registry is a smart contract that contains two public methods your dApp and smart contract can call to verify a credential. Registries are deployed on Karura, Avalanche, Gnosis (soon),  Aurora (soon) and Polygon. Registries will be deployed on other chains on a demand basis.

> In order to verify a credential, you call `getFractalId()` to get a `fractalId` associated with a wallet address. Every `fractalId` in the DID Registry corresponds to a unique human. You call `isUserInList()` to determine whether a fractalId exists in one of the Registry's maintained lists. Lists are currently maintained for KYC level, citizenship and residency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to verify a credential, you call `getFractalId()` to get a `fractalId` associated with a wallet address. Every `fractalId` in the DID Registry corresponds to a unique human. You call `isUserInList()` to determine whether a fractalId exists in one of the Registry's maintained lists. Lists are currently maintained for KYC level and FATF list presence.
```
